# Ca-Fluorides-Screening
This repository contains the density functional theory (DFT) calculated data of all Calcium (Ca)-containing transition metal fluorides (TMFs) considered as part of our research paper that is published in the Journal of Materials Chemistry A at this <a href="https://doi.org/10.1039/D4TA02426E" target="_blank">DoI</a>. An older version of the manuscript is available on <a href="http://arxiv.org/abs/2404.05820" target="_blank">arXiv</a>.

We explored the chemical space of TMFs that exhibit weberite and perovskite structures as potential positive electrodes (cathodes) for Ca batteries. Specifically, we calculated the 0 K thermodynamic stability, average Ca intercalation voltage, and Ca<sup>2+</sup> mobility in TMFs to identify promising candidates. In terms of chemistries, we considered formula units of Ca<sub>x</sub>M<sub>2</sub>F<sub>7</sub> and Ca<sub>x</sub>MF<sub>3</sub> for weberites and perovskites, respectively, where M = Ti, V, Cr, Mn, Fe, Co, or Ni.

The "Ground_State_Structures" folder contains the final relaxed structures (and the associated output DFT files) of all weberite and perovskite TMFs considered. "NEB_migration_barriers" folder contains calculated activation barriers for Ca<sup>2+</sup> motion in select weberite and perovskite fluorides. The "Stability" folder contains calculated files of 'other' compounds in each Ca-M-F ternary chemical space that can contribute to the (in)stability of the perovskite/weberite considered. Note that the Stability folder only contains a subset of fluorides calculated, with the binary transition metal fluoride data available at our <a href="https://github.com/sai-mat-group/fluorides-benchmarking" target="_blank">Fluorides benchmarking</a> GitHub repository. The "scripts" folder contains useful Jupyter notebooks that we had used for generating structures and calculating the 0 K phase diagrams.

In case you use any of the data here, we would appreciate a citation to our paper at this <a href="https://doi.org/10.1039/D4TA02426E" target="_blank">DoI</a>.
